What's the situation now?
Mr. Song
I received a lot of resignation applications early this morning
Up to now
More than a third of the basic employees have left
More than 100 executives have also left
How could this be?
It's going viral.
You angered the hero at the convention yesterday
Mr. Gu, the richest man
I want to be suppressed by Mr. Gu
The Gu family's power is too great
They were afraid.
So they will regret it
Death is still on the lips
Qi Guangjin
How can I meet you everywhere?
Heart guy
Because I love you baby
Qi Guangjin and I have made an engagement with Song Yang
Pay attention to your wording
Honey, it's okay.
Don't say you two are not married
Even if you two are married
As long as I kill him
Are you still mine?
Do you want to kill me?
A little early Song Yang
Don't be stubborn
Now you should
Know the state of your company better than I do
Yesterday, you have already provoked Mr. Gu
Now the whole Jiangzhou can cooperate with Mr. Gu
Only Me
My cousin is a famous young genius in the building
You migrant worker, what do you know?
Wait for my cousin's bedroom
Waiting for you then.
It's us running through the storm
Song Yang, for the sake of our husband and wife
I have a small suggestion for you.
You are now selling your shitty company
Take all your money and go abroad
Maybe.
You can live the rest of your life in peace
Haha, who dares to touch my savior?